Update carbon black documentation for integration (#11153)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/carbon_black.md

## Overview

> Use the Datadog-Carbon Black integration in order to forward your Carbon Black EDR events and alerts as Datadog logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Datadog-Carbon Black integration to forward your Carbon Black EDR events and alerts as Datadog logs.
```

## Setup

### Installation

> Datadog uses Carbon Black's event forwarder and Datadog's lambda forwarder to collect Carbon Black events and alerts from customer's s3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog uses Carbon Black's event forwarder and Datadog's Lambda forwarder to collect Carbon Black events and alerts from your S3 bucket.
```

> The Carbon Black event forwarder can only be created via API at the moment for which Carbon Black provides Postman collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Carbon Black provides a Postman collection for the API that you use to create the Carbon Black event forwarder.
```
Can we a link to a page with a link to the Postman collection?

#### Configuration

> - [Install Datadog's Lambda function][1]
> - [Create a bucket in your AWS Management Console][2] to forward events to. 
> - [Configure the S3 Bucket to allow the Carbon Black forwarder to write data][3]
> - [Create an access level in the Carbon Black Cloud console][4]
> - [Create an API key in the Carbon Black Cloud console][5]
> - [Configure the API in Postman][6]
>   - Update the current value of the following Postman enviroment variables `cb_url`, `cb_org_key`, `cb_custom_id`, `cb_custom_key` with the key created above 
> - [Create a Carbon Black event forwarder][7]
>   - Create two forwarders with different names for Carbon Black alerts(`"type": "alert"`) and endpoint events(`"type": "endpoint.event"`)
> - [Setup the Datadog Lambda to trigger on the S3 bucket][8]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Install the Datadog Forwarder][1].
2. [Create a bucket in your AWS Management Console][2] to forward events to. 
3. [Configure the S3 bucket to allow the Carbon Black forwarder to write data][3].
4. [Create an access level in the Carbon Black Cloud console][4].
5. [Create an API key in the Carbon Black Cloud console][5].
6. [Configure the API in Postman][6] by updating the value of the following Postman environment variables with the key created above: `cb_url`, `cb_org_key`, `cb_custom_id`, and `cb_custom_key`.
7. [Create two Carbon Black event forwarders][7] with different names for Carbon Black alerts (`"type": "alert"`) and endpoint events (`"type": "endpoint.event"`).
8. [Setup the Datadog Forwarder to trigger on the S3 bucket][8].
```

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog support][9].
```

> [1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/libraries_integrations/forwarder/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: /serverless/libraries_integrations/forwarder/
```

[2]: https://community.carbonblack.com/t5/Developer-Relations/Carbon-Black-Cloud-Data-Forwarder-Quick-Setup-amp-S3-Bucket/td-p/89194#create-a-bucket
[3]: https://community.carbonblack.com/t5/Developer-Relations/Carbon-Black-Cloud-Data-Forwarder-Quick-Setup-amp-S3-Bucket/td-p/89194#configure-bucket-to-write-events
[4]: https://community.carbonblack.com/t5/Developer-Relations/Carbon-Black-Cloud-Data-Forwarder-Quick-Setup-amp-S3-Bucket/td-p/89194#create-access-level
[5]: https://community.carbonblack.com/t5/Developer-Relations/Carbon-Black-Cloud-Data-Forwarder-Quick-Setup-amp-S3-Bucket/td-p/89194#create-new-api-key
[6]: https://community.carbonblack.com/t5/Developer-Relations/Carbon-Black-Cloud-Data-Forwarder-Quick-Setup-amp-S3-Bucket/td-p/89194#configure-api-in-postman
[7]: https://community.carbonblack.com/t5/Developer-Relations/Carbon-Black-Cloud-Data-Forwarder-Quick-Setup-amp-S3-Bucket/td-p/89194#create-new-forwarder

> [8]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/guide/send-aws-services-logs-with-the-datadog-lambda-function/?tab=awsconsole#collecting-logs-from-s3-buckets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[8]: /logs/guide/send-aws-services-logs-with-the-datadog-lambda-function/?tab=awsconsole#collecting-logs-from-s3-buckets
```
